Split test suite into unit/ and integration/ subdirectories (#615)
mllam/neural-lam: CHANGELOG.md

## [unreleased](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/compare/v0.6.0...HEAD)

### Maintenance

> - Split test suite into `tests/unit/` and `tests/integration/`, moving the S3 fixture into the integration conftest and refactoring `test_clamping.py` to use `DummyDatastore` [\#599](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/issues/599) @jishanahmed-shaikh

Reviewer: Convention in this file is to link the PR, not the issue (see the `#482` entry below).

```suggestion
- Split test suite into `tests/unit/` and `tests/integration/`, moving the S3 fixture into the integration conftest and refactoring `test_clamping.py` to use `DummyDatastore` [\#615](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/pull/615) @jishanahmed-shaikh
```
